Bump up archiver package version to stop producing bad zip archives in nodejs15 (#3140)
firebase/firebase-tools: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixes issue where proxied requests to dynamic content through the Hosting emulator would return unexpected `location` headers. (#3097)
- Fixes issue where optional extension parameters could not be omitted. (#3126)

> - Fixes issue where function deployment fails on Node v15. (#3120)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixes issue where deploying Cloud Functions for Firebase fails on Node.js v15. (#3120)
```
